v5.0.3 + better docs (#113)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: docs/configuration.md

### Base options

| Option     | Description                                                                                                     | Default            |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `APP_NAME` | The gallery name                                                                                                | `Lychee`           |
| `APP_ENV`  | Environment of your gallery, `production` or `development`                                                      | `production`       |

> | `APP_URL`  | The URL of your gallery (which resolves to the `public/` folder)                                                | `http://localhost` |
> | `APP_DIR`  | The URL path after the domain name of your gallery (which resolves to the `public/` folder), better left empty. | _empty_            |

Reviewer: Wait, I seem to remember from preceding PRs that `APP_URL` is to hold URL up to the host name only, and the rest (if non-empty) goes in `APP_DIR`, correct?

If so, then the current description of `APP_URL` is confusing (clearly it's _not_ "The URL" if it's not a complete URL in some cases?!). Come to think of it, so is its name, but I can imagine that changing the latter may not be possible, or at least not worth the effort...

If what I wrote above is correct, I would change this to something like:

```suggestion
| `APP_URL`  | The URL of your gallery (which resolves to the `public/` folder). For installations hosted in a subfolder this should contain the part of the URL up to and including the host name only. | `http://localhost` |
| `APP_DIR`  | For installations hosted in a subfolder this should contain the rest of the URL (after the host name). | _empty_            |
```

| `APP_KEY`  | Your app key which is used for encryption (set during installation)                                             | `null`             |
|`TIMEZONE`  | The timezone of your photos, requires a named timezone identifier like `Europe/Paris`, don't use an offset (`+01:00`) or an abbreviation (`CEST`)|system timezone of server|
|`LYCHEE_UPLOADS`    | Path to uploads directory                                                                  | `uploads/` inside `public/` |
|`LYCHEE_UPLOADS_URL`| URL to uploads directory, better left empty                                                | `/uploads`                  |
|`TRUSTED_PROXIES`   | Trusted proxy IP addresses                                                                 | `null`                      |

> |`LIVEWIRE_ENABLED`  | Enable v5 Livewire frontend, set to false if you prefer old v4 (but no front-end updates). | `true`                      |

Reviewer: This makes it sound like it's something we are genuinely planning to support as an option forever. I would set the expectations more realistically:

```suggestion
|`LIVEWIRE_ENABLED`  | Enable v5 Livewire frontend; set to false if the new frontend doesn't work for you (this is a temporary workaround). | `true`                      |
```
